






















PBC Coin 

Whitepaper v3.4
September 2022




















Important Notice
PBC Coin (hereinafter referred to as “PBC”) are not intended to constitute securities, units in a collective investment scheme, or other capital market products each as defined under the Danish Companies Act, or its equivalent or any other regulated products in any jurisdiction.

PBC does not entitle you to any ownership or any other interest in Paiblock A/S, Paiblock Inc., and/or any of their affiliated companies (together, “Paiblock”). Paiblock A/S is licensed by the Danish FSA to provide “virtual wallets services” and to carry out “virtual currencies services”, that is, the business of providing one or more of the following services or operations for or on behalf of a natural or legal person or legal arrangement:

exchange between virtual currencies and fiat currencies;
exchange between one or more other forms of convertible virtual currencies
transfer of virtual currencies;
virtual currency custody service, or
participation in and provision of financial services related to the sale of a virtual currency.

PBC does not constitute a regulated product or emoney in the European Union. Please note that you may not be able to recover any monies paid for PBC in the event that the PBC Coin Economy fails to materialize or where Paiblock’s business fails.

This Whitepaper is meant to provide more information on the PBC Coin Economy and functions of PBC, and does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort.

This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion or any advice to sell, or any recommendation or solicitation of any offer to purchase PBC nor shall it or any part of it or the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision.
No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and purchase of PBC and no virtual currencies or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper.
Any agreement between Paiblock and you as a recipient or purchaser, and in relation to any airdrop, sale or purchase of PBC is to be governed by a separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the “T&Cs”) of such agreement. In the event of any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the T&Cs shall prevail. Your eligibility to receive, purchase or sell PBC on virtual currency exchanges, is subject to your compliance with their respective terms and conditions.
No regulatory authority has examined or approved any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.
This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or transmitted to any country where distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper is prohibited or restricted.
No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without including this section and the section titled “IMPORTANT NOTES” at the back of this Whitepaper.

PLEASE READ THE SECTION TITLED “IMPORTANT NOTES” AT THE BACK OF THIS WHITEPAPER VERY CAREFULLY.























Paiblock and Blockchain
Paiblock was established in 2011, to build a blockchain based and AI powered payment and digital lifestyle platform that allows consumers to gather and connect all the dots of the digital life in one secure place.

Over the years, the platform has increasingly become a virtual shopping center with banks, stores and safe deposit boxes for valuables and identity credentials, opened 24 hours a day and 7 days a week, in acknowledgement of a broader range of services in digital banking, payments and identity credentials management.

Payments and digital banking
Paiblock unique value proposition cuts across the increasing need to understand and manage debt, investments and savings in ways that are effective on the one hand, and the high demand for automated end-to-end processes that can help unlock new insights that allow consumers to understand their options, on the other hand. The platform lets users access their checking, savings and mortgage accounts, view and share balance and transaction history, and send money to friends and families around the world. 

Paiblock offers retail banking customers a bank agnostic platform that is supercharging retail banking experience by providing consumers with: 

a better overview of their finances, across banks and countries,
a seamless way to access current, mortgage and savings accounts, 
Intuitive tools to understand and manage student loans and credit card debt more effectively,
a portability that enables users to share a readonly view of balance and account history with accounting and law firms,
a digital assistant that allows consumers to make smarter decisions about saving, spending, borrowing and investing.

Identity credentials management
Identity credential manager is a native feature in Paiblock, that allows users to conveniently store a wide range of identity credentials on the platform. This is including but not limited to loyalty cards, payment cards, driving license, social security cards and passports, supporting the global shift to a more digital lifestyle. With identity credentials and digital banking becoming inextricably linked, Paiblock identity credentials manager has the benefit of streamlining Know-Your-Customer procedures, while also allowing users to share a readonly view of their government IDs with a new service provider.

Paiblock also enables governmental and non governmental organisations to push government IDs and credentials into users' wallets using the OpenWallet API. The OpenWallet Push feature is currently supporting government-issued e-invoices, ID cards, biometric passports, social security cards, vaccination cards with medical records, voter's cards, residence permits, library cards, driving licenses and visas.

The company’s decade of experience in building capabilities and talents to sustain continuous innovation and execution beyond initial proof of concept and business, has contributed to Paiblock becoming a global brand, and thereby achieving a leading market position with a wide range of digital services used directly and indirectly by 12 millions people in 108 countries.

Paiblock is built on four pillars: a highly personalised customer experience, a robust and secure digital environment, an easy to use app, and an engaging user journey from start to finish, making it easier and convenient to interact with banks, stores and governments in a way that is seamless, social and secure. 
But, more than just a wallet app, Paiblock has also evolved into a “dApp”, (decentralized app) offering various services to its users, connecting them to the information, services and brands they need, anytime and anywhere. And Paiblock continues to grow, launching innovative new services which are contributing to the development of the banking, securities and payment/settlement verticals.

Because we recognize that our users are the key to Paiblock’s successes and the growth of the Paiblock ecosystem, it is about time to take that partnership to the next level, and to share the value created with contributing users.

As a blockchain network based on Bitcoin Protocol, PBC Chain Network is integrated into Paiblock to serve as a platform for a wide range of services and to accelerate the PBC Coin Economy. PBC, the general-purpose base coin of the PBC Chain Network, is seamlessly making its way into the Paiblock services that our users around the globe can access and use in their everyday lives.
Our users are also essential to how we are developing the PBC Chain ecosystem, as we apply knowledge and insights gained from interacting with them to ensure our services will continue to grow and improve. Paiblock is building a service-oriented blockchain ecosystem around PBC, where anyone can use Paiblock’s services, conveniently and securely, in a coin economy that will grow together with our users.

Problems with the existing virtual currency Ecosystems
Following the release of the Bitcoin white paper by Satoshi Nakamoto in 2008, a growing number of cryptocurrency projects emerged, contributing to the growth and establishment of a cryptocurrency market. However, virtual currencies are still considered an investment target and there is no cryptocurrency that has until now impacted our daily lives. Why cryptocurrencies are still not impacting our lives? How do we get cryptocurrency to become more and more part of our daily lives? These and others are questions that readily require answers.

Investors Before Users
Between 2018 and 2020, crypto assets attracted global investors and emerged as a new funding channel for cryptocurrency projects. As a result, investors and developers both focused on securing fast financial gains instead of helping coins mature and become a new medium og exchange for participating users. The cryptocurrency vertical is predominantly made up of  investors, as the companies and foundations behind cryptocurrency projects offer coins and tokens in a way that ensures investors can maximize their gains, with a focus on raising as much investment as possible.
With this in mind, teams are primarily focusing on generating money-making news for investors rather than introducing new products and services and maintaining existing ones. The success of a project is no longer determined by the number of participating users; instead, coin and token price coupled with market capitalization have become the measure of success in the cryptocurrency vertical, and thus a contributing factor towards the marginalization of contributing users and wallet holders. This has led to cryptocurrencies failing to develop significantly as a real-life technology.

Volatile Coins Economies
Many cryptocurrency projects start selling their tokens even before they were on the network, which has resulted into inflating the scale of the economy with a focus on the price and trading volumes. This trend has created imbalances on a massive scale, thus harming the growth of the cryptocurrency’s ecosystem. Moreover, as many dApp developers require the use of their own tokens for their services, the demand for platform coins and the economic ecosystem splits and becomes fragmented. Users need to have both platform coins and dApp tokens to use the ecosystem’s services, which also has led to many users leaving various ecosystems.

Usability
All cryptocurrency platforms are natively secure as cryptography lies at their core. However, too much security tends to impact usability negatively. The nature of cryptography requires users to manage their own public and private keys commonly know as wallets, which comes along with a degree of frustration for most users. Not to mention most dApps on the market tend to focus on technology driven issues and overlooked service quality and usability.

Energy efficiency
Most blockchain ecosystems have a huge carbon footprint due to the use of ASIC and other chipsets to mine coins and tokens, and to process transactions. This has led to the blockchain vertical producing a significant amount of greenhouse gases.

Paiblock Coin Economy

PBC Chain Ecosystem Principles
The PBC Chain project was launched to create a blockchain platform and coin economy that regular people around the world would actually like and use in their daily lives. But to achieve mainstream acceptance, there is a need to address issues plaguing existing cryptocurrency ecosystems namely investor-centric ecosystems, unstable coins economies, and UX/UI issues. PBC Chain is solving these  issues by building a blockchain-based ecosystem that is accessible for all, based on strong and equitable distribution of wealth and driven by four principles:

Rewarding Contributing users
Rewarding those who participate and create value within the PBC Chain ecosystem. The PBC Chain ecosystem aims to share growth between users and the ecosystem as a whole by rewarding contributors based on how their actions create value in the PBC Chain ecosystem.
Investors  PBC will be sold to the general public through an initial coin offering on Paiblock Xchange and two other third party exchanges, allowing investors to buy a limited amount of coins.
Balanced Economic Model PBC main goal is to help create a balanced and interconnected ecosystem that can benefit both users, investors and society at large. PBC will serve as the main currency for our dApps as well as the platform within the ecosystem, creating economies of scale through the integration of both systems. As the ecosystem and user demand grow, supply will expand correspondingly to match the growing demand, ensuring the entire economy remains balanced.
A cryptocurrency for Everyone Creating an ecosystem that is easy-to-use for everyone. With Paiblock’s long and successful track record in UX design, operating a service that millions of people around the world use as part of their daily lives, we are able to bring a rich and practical know-how to the PBC Chain UX. We are already providing dApp developers with an outstanding technology-based platform and toolkit so that both tech-savvy and beginners can freely implement their ideas.

PBC
PBC is the general-purpose base coin for the PBC Chain ecosystem, and it represents the connection and cooperation between participants as well as the synergy created by them. The ticker symbol for PBC is “PBC”, and its logo image is as follows:






PBC Chain dApp Ecosystem
DApps are the key to circulating and promoting the use of PBC in the PBC Chain ecosystem, and their growth is a critical driver for the ecosystem in general. The PBC Chain ecosystem utilizes the following system to attract more dApp projects and nourish the overall ecosystem.

Reward dApps
The Reward dApps are all dApps contributing to the growth the PBC Chain ecosystem by introducing functions within the service that use PBC, as well as allocating the PBC required for user rewards from the PBC Foundation. Reward dApps facilitate the PBC Coin Economy by offering PBC to ecosystem participants as a reward and create the market for PBC. Reward dApps can be either developed in-house by Paiblock or by third-parties and selected through a screening procedure. The PBC Foundation is responsible for the overall selection of Reward dApps during the initial period of the ecosystem.
General dApps
General dApps refers to non-Reward dApps that participate voluntarily in the PBC Chain ecosystem, offering PBC Chain-based services. In the PBC Chain ecosystem, individual developers will be able to develop PBC Chain-based dApps easily using PBC Chain Developers (API), a development toolkit that allow developers to adopt blockchain features and develop dApps.
Support Programs for dApps
To further expand the PBC Chain dApp ecosystem, the PBC Foundation plans to offer a wide range of support programs. It will select promising dApp developers that demonstrate great potential to contribute to the PBC Chain platform and promote the use of PBC, providing them with comprehensive support for integrating with the ecosystem. Support programs will include financial aid, technical support for the use of PBC Chain Developers, and consultations regarding the coin economy.
PBC Distribution: Contribution Mining
The PBC Chain Network’s distribution is based on a fair and equitable distribution of wealth to investors and users alike. 
Creating a new Internet of Value 
The value of a blockchain network is essentially contingent upon how many people trust and use the network. The past 4 years have witnessed Paiblock, creating and integrating new services, to facilitate the mainstream acceptance of crypto assets. Being able to distribute PBC to users worldwide using dApps will allow the PBC Chain Network to grow considerably the next 5 years to become one of the worlds leading coin economy. 
Fair Distribution of Wealth
Distributing PBC to the most active users as compensation for activities that contribute to the growth of ecosystem is essential for carrying out and maintaining a fair distribution of wealth . The vast majority of people around the world are still new to acquiring coins by participating in the sale of coins or blockchain creation, and have no experience hereof. Although there have been attempts to sell tokens in the fairest manner possible to a large number of investors, the main problem is yet to be solved.
The PBC Chain network, allow people of all walks of life around the world, to acquire the value and authority of the PBC Chain Network through contributing activities on the dApps. Thus anyone can acquire and use PBC with the service they care about, and without regard to nationality, assets or time zone.*
* Users that are from countries sanctioned by the United States, the United Nations or from countries considered as high risk and monitored by the Financial Action Task Force, or from countries where the offering of PBC is illegal, will not be able to participate in the PBC Chain network.

PBC Assessment System (PAS)
PAS is a system that assesses the contribution level of participants in the ecosystem to determine the amount of rewards they should receive. The current version of PAS calculates the contribution of Reward dApps with the elements including Monthly Active Users (number of Active Wallets) and transactions per dApp (Transaction Amount), etc. The contribution formula will be developed over time, updates exampled as recognizing the staking* amounts. It then determines the contributors’ PBC allocations by revising that amount according to the volume of PBC Chain ecosystem activity and the contribution levels of each dApp in the ecosystem. Currently, there is a limit on the amount of allocation that one dApp can acquire in a one-month period. PAS ensures an appropriate currency supply is maintained for the network’s actual value, without over expansion, enabling the healthy growth of the PBC Chain ecosystem.

*Staking: The act of locking down the PBC held in a wallet. PBC undergoing staking cannot be transferred to another wallet. In addition, after a user chooses to unstake PBC, a certain period is required before it can be transferred. (Feature in planning stage)

Distribution of User Reward
PBC allocated to the Reward dApps is only used for user rewards, and is paid to users according to the policy of each dApp. In order to prevent fraudulent acts that may arise in the process of reward distribution, Reward dApps must comply with the reward distribution guide set forth by the PBC Foundation. This is including but no limited to requirements for disclosing reward distribution standards and the maximum rewards allowed per user. During phase one, any user that is actively using Paiblock dApp will be rewarded with PBC, use of Paiblock dApp is defined as follows:
Users that are using the Paiblock dAPP marketplace to shop on the internet
Users that have linked a bank account to Paiblock and that are currently using Paiblock personal assistant for budget control and/debt management
Global artists with at least 10 digital artworks that can be potentially listed on the Paiblock digital artwork gallery,
Users that are holding Bitcoin and Ethereum in Paiblock dApp 
Users that have added at least one of the followings to their wallets
Driving license
Corona passport
Social security cards
Payment cards
Loyalty cards

PBC Acquisition and Use
PBC can be earned through contributions to the ecosystem. PBC can also be bought and used within the cryptocurrency exchanges that have listed PBC. 

Within Paiblock, you can buy and sell PBC in a few simple steps. You may also be able to pay for any service that Paiblock is providing including but not limited to monthly subscription plans for private and business users, and ultimately digital artwork.

PBC Coin Economy
The PBC Coin Economy consists of a service level and a platform level:
Service Level
Users who employ Reward dApps receive rewards based on their contributions according to the reward policy of each dApp. PBC Chain users will be able to acquire PBC and use them in a variety of ways, such as paying for content, engaging in e-commerce or transfers, trading game items or exchanging with other cryptocurrencies. PBC holders can benefit in many ways, such as exercising influence or authority within the service or receiving benefits, etc.:

Content Payment for music, videos, webtoons, and fiction 
Commerce Payment for products/ services, discount benefits, and cashback 
Social In-app payment systems and wire transfers between individuals 
Gaming In-game trading and character improvements 
Exchange Payment of commissions, fee discounts, and virtual currency trading 
NFT Listing and payment for digital artwork
Authenticity verification
     	  Registration and authenticity verification for brands
        Registration of trademarks  
        Registration and verification of diploma
        Registration and verification of photo IDs      
Self-sovereign identity
        Global digital identity for all      

Platform level
Transactions fees 
PBC Chain platform operators can charge fees for platform usage, including transaction fees. PBC Chain platform fees are paid by each dApp or user according to the dApp’s policy. 

Payment network 
At PBC Coin we have spent the past few years building a modern infrastructure for cross-currency settlement as an alternative to legacy international financial messaging. This infrastructure can be used by financial services at the lowest total cost of ownership. Transaction fees on the network are capped to 0.00001 PBC


Plans for Distribution
User Rewards
User rewards will be issued based on user-contribution activities to Reward dApps. The rate of user reward issuance will be determined by the growth of the PBC Chain ecosystem’s internal value, based on the PAS (PBC Assessment System). The opening of PBC Chain Network node participation will allow for user rewards to be paid as node operational compensation as well.
Reserves
Reserves are allocated for ecosystem expansion, and will be used by the PBC Foundation for including, but not limited to, PBC Chain ecosystem operational expenses (including, without limitation to, R&D and infrastructure expenses), dApp acceleration, marketing the PBC Chain Network, etc. Reserves will be issued after public announcements are made in advance through official communications channels.
The maximum issuance of PBC is capped at 21 million for five years since  starting fromSeptember 2018, and is to increase by 5% annually thereafter. Out of the maximum issuance limit, the actual circulation amount will be determined by to the network value of PBC Chain. 

The PBC issuance limit is allotted at a ratio of 7-to-3 for the purposes of user rewards and reserves, respectively. The total PBC issuance limit is 1.000 billion while the PBC Chain ecosystem is maintained, with a maximum issuance limit of 700 billion PBC for users and investors and 300 billion PBC for reserves. PCB coin was pegged to the Euro from inception at the value of €4,797.15 for 1 PBC, however in order for the PBC Coin economy to develop based on demand  and offer, PBC Coin will adopt a floating rate regime on October 1, 2021, allowing the cryptocurrency to fluctuate in response to market events. 

Technology
The PBC Chain ecosystem is built on PBC Chain Network, a native blockchain network that is based on the Bitcoin protocol with upgraded consensus rules and focus on scalability and usability.

Scalability
Scalability has always been the number one blockchain challenge, as the volume of transactions increases. It is therefore critical for blockchain- based networks to be able to continue to move coins even as the network gets saturated. PBC Chain Network has increased the block size to 10 MB, and is currently working on to  upgrade the block size to 52 MB.

Usability
As existing blockchain ecosystems tend to be more developer-centric and technology- driven, users of blockchain-based services often find the user experience to be exceedingly poor. With the PBC Chain Developers, we aim to build a platform that both users and dApp developers can enjoy. 

PBC Chain Developers
Overview
The PBC Chain Developers is a toolkit for dApp developers designed to support the seamless interaction of dApps with the PBC Chain Network, offering a suite of utilities to help with the development and maintenance of smart contracts, wallet manager and block explorer, allowing dApp developers to focus more on improving the user experience, rather than hunting for quick fixes over the internet.
Good for Users
dApps in the PBC Chain ecosystem aims to offer the same level of user experience as traditional web service. In addition, the PBC Chain Developers manages user’s wallet by matching each user’s wallet to their Paiblock account so users do not need to manage their private key by themselves when using PBC Chain Developers-based dApps.
Good for Developers
Developers who wish to test or operate a PBC Chain-based dApp can easily get a taste of the PBC Chain ecosystem through the PBC Chain Developers. The PBC Chain provides a smart contract system where parts of the smart contract can be updated or revised. dApp developers can utilize this system to more easily manage smart contracts, widely considered one of the greatest difficulties faced by developers. Furthermore, a standardized interface for a variety of coins such as non-fungible tokens (NFT) is also provided to improve convenience for developers. In addition coins will be made available to contributing artists at a discount rate to democratize access into NFT space.
Good for the Token Economy
DApp developers can implement the coin economy conveniently with the features offered in the PBC Chain Developers. They can also manage the coin economy efficiently using the PBC Chain Developers’ web-based analytical tools, which offer a centralized method of monitoring various indicators, including transaction trends and coin distribution status. In addition, developers can receive expert advice regarding their dApp coin architecture and reward policy so that they can design and build a balanced token economy.

Roadmap

Moving toward an Open Network
In order for the PBC Chain ecosystem to grow as an independent blockchain network that aims to build up trust, a diverse array of agents must be allowed to participate freely. The PBC Chain is already enabling a wider range of members to participate in the network and will continue to do so to include more members from diverse verticals in the future.

Ecosystem Expansion Strategy
The PBC Chain ecosystem is being implemented in the three phases as explained below. It will continue to grow and expand, as it ultimately develops into a self-sufficient economic system. Phase one and two are fully implemented and phase three will commence on September 1, 2021 with the distribution of PBC through Initial Exchange Offering on Paiblock Xchange and two other crypto-exchanges:

Phase1: PBC Chain Network 
Laying the foundation for the PBC Chain ecosystem through Paiblock dApp
The use of Paiblock dApp
PBC Chain Developers with Open API and Toolkit 
Phase2: Alliance Network 
Building the PBC Chain dApp Alliance with selected dApp developers, implementing features as a general-purpose platform.
Expand the demand mechanism for PBC within the platform
Distribute PBC through in-house dApps 
Phase3: Open Network 
Distribute PBC through Initial Exchange Offering on Paiblock Xchange
Listing of PBC on 2 additional crypto-exchanges
Expanding the ecosystem by diversifying participation channels 
Enhance the network and expand the demand mechanism for PBC
Offer opportunities for various entities to participate in the ecosystem on top of dApps 

PBC Chain Milestones
	2011 August
	Established Paiblock A/S to develop PBC Coin Economy and the PBC Chain platform
2012
October
	Launched the PBC Chain test network using Bitcoin protocol 

2014
March
	released Paiblock dApp
2015	 April
	Launched smart contract	
2016	 April
Tokenization of government IDs
2017	 April
Tokenization of diplomas	
2018	 February
	Increased blocksize to 10 MB 
October
Release Testnet explorer
November
Release Mainnet explorer
2019	 February
	Increased blocksize to 12 MB
2020	 October
	Zero knowledge proof	
	2021 April
	Tokenization of corona passport 	
Update History

PBC White paper

v0.20.0  released on July 14, 2021
v0.19.0  released on January 27, 2021
v0.18.0  released on April 18, 2020
v0.17.0  released on June 4, 2019
v0.16.0  released on May 15, 2018
v0.15.0  released on September 14, 2017
v0.14.1  released on April 22, 2017
v0.13.0  released on 1 November 17, 2016  
v0.12.0 released on November 11, 2016
v0.11.0 released on July 12, 2015
v0.10.0 released on February 16, 2015
v0.9.0 released on March 9, 2014
v0.8.0 released on February 19, 2013
v0.7.0 released on September 17, 2012
v0.6.0 released on March 30, 2012
v0.5.0 released on January 10, 2012



















Important Notes
Disclaimer of liability
To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, Paiblock shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.
No representations and warranties
Paiblock does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper.
Representations and warranties by you
By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant to Paiblock as follows :
	you agree and acknowledge that PBC does not constitute securities, units in a collective investment scheme, or other capital markets products each as defined by the Danish FSA, or its equivalent or any other regulated products in any jurisdiction;
	you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities, units in a collective investment scheme, or other capital markets products each as defined by the FSA, or its equivalent or any other regulated products in any jurisdiction or a recommendation or solicitation for investment and you are not bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no virtual currency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper;
	you agree and acknowledge that PBC shall not be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as enabling, or according any opportunity to, recipients or purchasers to participate in, or receive profits, income, or other payments or returns arising from or in connection with Paiblock or PBC, or to receive sums paid out of such profits, income, or other payments or returns;
	you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of the information set out in this Whitepaper, no action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper to you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with;
	you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion of listing of PBC, or future trading of PBC on virtual currency exchanges, shall not be construed, interpreted or deemed by you as an indication of the merits of Paiblock, PBC, or the virtual currency exchanges;
	the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or any copy thereof, or acceptance of the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws, regulations or rules in your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in relation to possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions at your own expense and without liability to Paiblock;
	you are fully aware of and understand that you are not eligible to purchase any PBC if you are a person from any restricted locations as set forth in the Terms of Service (or equivalent document) of the virtual currency exchanges where PBC is listed;
	you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics of virtual currencies, blockchain- based software systems, blockchain technology and smart contract technology;
	you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any PBC, there are risks associated with virtual currency exchanges and their business and operations;
	you agree and acknowledge that Paiblock will not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you, including in relation to:
	any failure by Paiblock to deliver or realise all or any part of the PBC features described in this Whitepaper;
	any failure by Paiblock to list PBC on virtual currency exchanges;
	your use or inability to use at any time the services or the products of the PBC Chain Chain platform or PBC;
	any security risk or security breach or security threat or security attack or any theft or loss of data including but not limited to hacker attacks and losses of passwords or private keys;
	your failure to properly secure any private key to a wallet containing virtual currencies; and
	all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and not misleading from the time of your access to and/or acceptance of possession of this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be).

Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as to the future performance or policies of Paiblock.
Further, Paiblock disclaims any responsibility to update any forward-looking statements or publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect future developments, events or circumstances, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.
Please note that this Whitepaper is also only a work in progress and the information in this Whitepaper is current only as of the date on the cover hereof. Paiblock reserves the right to update the Whitepaper from time to time.
No advice
No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax advice regarding Paiblock or PBC. You should consult your own legal, financial, tax or other professional adviser regarding Paiblock and their businesses and operations, and PBC. You should be aware that you may be required to bear the financial risk of any purchase of PBC for an indefinite period of time.
Restrictions on distribution and dissemination
The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or restricted by the laws, regulatory requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where any restriction applies, you are to inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which are applicable to your possession of this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be) at your own expense and without liability to Paiblock. Persons who have been provided access to this Whitepaper or to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated or who otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur.
Risks and uncertainties
Prospective purchasers of PBC should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with Paiblock, and its businesses and operations, and all information set out in this Whitepaper and the T&Cs, prior to any purchase of PBC.
You should not transact in PBC if you are not familiar with virtual currencies of this nature. Transacting in virtual currencies may not be suitable for you if you are not familiar with the technology in which PBC services will be provided.
You should be aware that the value of PBC may fluctuate greatly. You should buy PBC only if you are prepared to accept the risk of losing all the money you put into PBC.
As previously indicated, participating dApps will receive allocations of PBC from Paiblock that are to be distributed to dApp users. Subject to dApp’s respective distribution policies, dApps may from time to time, either directly or indirectly, make large distributions of PBC to users, which could have the effect of increasing the overall supply of PBC that is traded on relevant trading platforms. It is possible that such distributions could have a negative impact on the market price of PBC, particularly if a large number of recipients of PBC engage in sales of PBC on relevant trading platforms in a short period of time. Please note that dApp’s distributions of PBC may vary depending upon each dApp’s jurisdiction or country of registration to fully comply with applicable regulations.
PBC Issuance Costs
Paiblock will, in any event, incur no costs in regard to any issuance or distribution of PBC. 

THERE IS NO GUARANTEE THAT THE FUNCTIONALITIES OF PBC, OR THAT THE PBC Coin ECONOMY INFRASTRUCTURE, WILL BE DELIVERED OR REALISED. IF ANY OF SUCH RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES DEVELOPS INTO ACTUAL EVENTS, THE BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND PROSPECTS OF PAIBLOCK COULD BE MATERIALLY AND ADVERSELY AFFECTED. IN SUCH CASES, YOU MAY LOSE ALL OR PART OF THE VALUE OF PBC. IN THE EVENT THAT YOU HAVE PURCHASED PBC, YOUR PURCHASE CANNOT BE REFUNDED OR EXCHANGED.
IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).
